New post: Call for devs (#4)
rhino-site/rhino-blog: pages/news-16.mdx

---
title: A call for developers
date: 2024/11/14
description: Rhino Linux is continuing to steam through development, although we are consistently presented with one hurdle, we need more active contributors
author: Rhino Linux Team
---

# A call for developers

> Rhino Linux is continuing to steam through development, although we are consistently presented with one hurdle. As we continue development in preperation for our [next disk image release](https://github.com/orgs/rhino-linux/projects/8), one thing has become very apparent. We need more active contributors.
> 
> The next Rhino Linux disk image release, will contain all of the features we have worked on during this time. We've been working tirelessly to improve significant aspects of the distribution, including the Unicorn Desktop. All of this development occurs in between work, university, and our personal lives.
> 
> The Rhino Linux Team operates and interacts with both the Rhino Linux, and wider Linux community. Sometimes we will find valid, constructive criticisms about Rhino Linux, but we sometimes lack the resources or manpower to work on those criticisms as fast as we would like to.
> 
> We'd like to call on you, the Rhino Linux community to help make Rhino Linux better. Rhino Linux has a relatively small team of consistent contributors, for us to be able to set our sights on bigger targets and working to continually improve our distribution, we need to expand the amount of active contributors we have.
> 
> Will you join us?
> 
> The Rhino Linux Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rhino Linux continues to make great strides in development, but there’s one recurring challenge we face: the need for more active contributors. As we gear up for our [next disk image release](https://github.com/orgs/rhino-linux/projects/8), it’s become increasingly clear that we need to grow our team to sustain our progress.

Our next disk image release is planned to include a multitude of fresh features, including significant improvements to both the Unicorn Desktop and the `rhino-pkg` manager. All of our efforts are driven by a small team of student developers, balancing our work on Rhino Linux with education, employment, and other personal commitments - and in consequence, we often overwork ourselves, as we want to deliver the very best for our community. 

As a team, we’re deeply engaged with both the Rhino Linux community and the broader Linux ecosystem. While we receive valuable, constructive feedback, our limited resources and manpower can make it challenging to address every issue or suggestion as quickly as we’d like to - and trust us, we want to address them all.

That’s why we’re reaching out to you: with such a small core team, we rely on passionate contributors to help us aim higher, tackle bigger projects, and continually improve Rhino Linux.

We need your help to keep this Rhino rolling, and to make it even better. If you're interested, please join [our Discord](https://discord.com/invite/reSvc8Ztk3). This is our chosen platform for development communication, and it is essential for development team and contributor communication. We hope to see you there.

Will you join us?

Until next time,
The Rhino Linux Team
```

---

> title: A call for developers
> date: 2024/11/14
> description: Rhino Linux is continuing to steam through development, although we are consistently presented with one hurdle, we need more active contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Call for Developers and Contributors!
date: 2024/11/18
description: Rhino Linux continues to roll along, but as a small team of student developers, our limited resources and manpower can make it challenging to address every issue or suggestion as quickly as we’d like to - and trust us, we want to address them all. We're calling on you to join us in keeping this Rhino rolling, and make it even better. Will you join us?
```
